Here are some of copywriting tips to improve my texts in personal presentations and interviews.

# STAR method

https://capd.mit.edu/resources/the-star-method-for-behavioral-interviews/

## Explanation

The STAR method
S.T.A.R. is a useful acronym and an effective formula for structuring your behavioral interview response. Let's start by breaking down the formula:

Situation (20%), explain the situation so that your interviewer understands the context of your example, they do not need to know every detail!
Task (10%), talk about the task that you took responsibility for completing or the goal of your efforts.
Action (60%), describe the actions that you personally took to complete the task or reach the end goal. Highlight skills or character traits addressed in the question.
Result (10%), explain the positive outcomes or results generated by your actions or efforts. Here, it is important to highlight quantifiable results. You may also want to emphasize what you learned from the experience or your key takeaways.

## Other explanation

Modelo STAR: (Situation, Task, Action, Result).

👉🏼 Situation: O que você vivenciou e em qual contexto.
👉🏼 Task: O que você teve de responsabilidade e o que fez a respeito.
👉🏼 Action: Quais atitudes e ações você tomou.
👉🏼 Result: Qual bagaceira que resultou frente ao que tu fez?

Sempre que você usa essa estrutura, você consegue responder EXATAMENTE o que o recrutador perguntou, da forma que ele ESPERA que você responda.

Uma coisa é que o vc fala, outra coisa é o que ele escuta.

Se você não segue essa estrutura você começa a se perder em seus pensamentos



## Sample response
Here is an example STAR-formatted response for the prompt, "tell me about a time when you demonstrated leadership." Instead of responding simply with "I tutored kids in math," provide context for your interviewer and demonstrate your skills through an engaging example.

- Situation: When I was a junior in high school, there were several students in my math class who were struggling with some of the more difficult concepts.

- Task: With an upcoming national exam, I was asked by my math teacher to start an after school session to assist the other students.

- Action: I stayed after school twice a week to review class materials and homework. I created a comprehensive study guide. I demonstrated the best methods for solving difficult problems, explained strategies that worked for me, and developed new problems to help them practice.

- Result: Our class average for the national exam was the highest it had been in over ten years, and overall the students I helped were able to develop a better understanding and appreciation for math.
